[FAB-15198] Document peer crash scenario when indexes are not installed (#474)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/couchdb_as_state_database.rst

queries can be used for read-only queries against the ledger, as well as in transactions that
update the ledger.

Modeling your data in JSON allows you to issue rich queries against the values of your data,

> instead of only being able to query the keys. This allows you to get a more comprehensive

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "more comprehensive" here (querying a key will give you a 'comprehensive' value back).

> chaincode read the data stored on the blockchain ledger. Using CouchDB can help you meet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chaincode to read the data stored on the blockchain ledger. Using CouchDB can help you to address
```

> auditing and reporting requirements for many use cases that not supported by LevelDB. Using

Reviewer: "that are not"

> CouchDB and modeling your data in JSON also allows you to deploy indexes with your chaincode.

Reviewer: "allows" is the wrong word here... it's not like deploying an index is the ultimate objective... the ultimate objective is fast queries, and indexes enable those fast queries.

  {"selector":{"docType":"marble","owner":<OWNER_ID>}}

The responses to rich queries are useful for understanding the data on the ledger, but are

> not typically submitted to the ordering service. As a result, there is no guarantee that the result

Reviewer: "As a result" does not make sense here... there is no such connection between these two sentences.

set for a rich query will be stable between the chaincode execution and commit time. You should not use

> the output of rich queries as inputs to ledger update transactions unless your application can

Reviewer: "outputs" and "inputs" makes it sound like two different transactions... the important thing to highlight here is even in a single transaction you should not perform rich query and updates.

the container. The *local.ini* file must be edited if the username or password
is to be changed after creation of the container.

> If you choose map the fabric-couchdb container port to a host port, make sure you

Reviewer: "choose to map"

are aware of the security implications. Mapping the CouchDB container port in a
development environment exposes the CouchDB REST API and allows you to visualize
the database via the CouchDB web interface (Fauxton). In a production environment

> you should refrain from mapping the host port to restrict access to the CouchDB

Reviewer: "restrict external client access to the CouchDB container"

...the peer container will still have access of course.

Author: Added: Only the peer will be able to access the CouchDB container.
